Readme.md, before:

# Iter Helpers

This project provides a collection of helper functions for working with asyncronous iterators in TypeScript.

## Installation

To install the package, run the following command:

```
npm install @sweepbright/iter-helpers
```

## Usage

The `chain` function is used to create a new instance of the `Chain` class. The `Chain` class represents a chain of iterable objects, allowing for easy composition and manipulation of iterators.

Overall, `chain` provides a convenient way to work with iterable objects and perform operations on them in a chained manner.

## Glossary

-   `Iter` - a convenient interface defining both synchronous and asynchronous iterator
-   operator - a function that takes an iterator and returns a new iterator
-   piping - composition of operators

## API

### Chain

-   `chain(iter)` - creates a new instance of the `Chain` class
-   `.pipe(operator)` - transform an iterator using an operator
-   `.map(mapFn, errorMapFn)` - applies a function to each element of an iterator
-   `.concurrentMap(options, mapFn, errorMapFn)` - applies a function to each element of an iterator concurrently
-   `.filter(fn)` - filters elements of an iterator based on a predicate
-   `.take(n)` - returns the first n elements of an iterator
-   `.skip(n)` - returns the last n elements of an iterator
-   `.batch(n)` - splits an iterator into batches of size `n`
-   `.flatten()` - flattens an iterator of arrays into an iterator of elements
-   `.toArray()` - converts an iterator to an array

### Fifo

-   `new Fifo(options)` - creates a FIFO queue

### Range

-   `range(start, end?, step?)` - creates an iterator of numbers

Commit message:

feat(Diagrams.md): add diagrams to illustrate the usage of filter, map, take, skip, batch, flatten, and mux functions
docs(Readme.md): add link to the Diagrams.md file for a visual representation of the API

feat(Mux.ts): implement Mux class and mux function to multiplex multiple inputs into one

fix(main.ts): reorder imports to include Mux and Tap

test(mux.spec.ts): add tests for mux function to ensure it correctly multiplexes multiple inputs into one

test(take.spec.ts): add test to ensure take function breaks the iteration of the input when the desired number of items is reached

Readme.md, after:

# Iter Helpers

This project provides a collection of helper functions for working with asyncronous iterators in TypeScript.

## Installation

To install the package, run the following command:

```
npm install @sweepbright/iter-helpers
```

## Usage

The `chain` function is used to create a new instance of the `Chain` class. The `Chain` class represents a chain of iterable objects, allowing for easy composition and manipulation of iterators.

Overall, `chain` provides a convenient way to work with iterable objects and perform operations on them in a chained manner.

## Glossary

-   `Iter` - a convenient interface defining both synchronous and asynchronous iterator
-   operator - a function that takes an iterator and returns a new iterator
-   piping - composition of operators

## API

See the [Diagrams](./Diagrams.md) for a visual representation of the API.

### Chain

-   `chain(iter)` - creates a new instance of the `Chain` class
-   `.pipe(operator)` - transform an iterator using an operator
-   `.map(mapFn, errorMapFn)` - applies a function to each element of an iterator
-   `.concurrentMap(options, mapFn, errorMapFn)` - applies a function to each element of an iterator concurrently
-   `.filter(fn)` - filters elements of an iterator based on a predicate
-   `.take(n)` - returns the first n elements of an iterator
-   `.skip(n)` - returns the last n elements of an iterator
-   `.batch(n)` - splits an iterator into batches of size `n`
-   `.flatten()` - flattens an iterator of arrays into an iterator of elements
-   `.toArray()` - converts an iterator to an array

### Fifo

-   `new Fifo(options)` - creates a FIFO queue

### Range

-   `range(start, end?, step?)` - creates an iterator of numbers
